https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFBpVaKCC0ajGps1vf0AgBg # Humphrey Yang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCA2ui9pRukA5Rig32p8ZF2g # SwitchBackMongo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsM4P-uQAt-b8zTJF3Q-rPA # Adil Gamez 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHkerCYX0W1x8tEqF_1vFyw # Chaza
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1F6ZrwyoTmuC104vY90clg # vvinvardhan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0ZKR54BtqFjAJMr9_m--LA # Nico is LOST
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcXUhZB4t3g8EGdYiqwS4Aw # sandiction
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLdQc5zUbFpM4Y0iKfESDTA # Shulkercraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzsfa_xBwTsUGFnMPU-W6Cg # MysteryOre
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWI-ohtRu8eEeDj93hmUsUQ # Coding with Lewis
https://dieworkwear.com/feed/ # Die, Workwear!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsuKgiVb2KJ2sZdrrwoAqsA # wattles
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJZv4d5rbIKd4QHMPkcABCw # Kevin Powell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxIJaCMEptJjxmmQgGFsnCg # Y Combinator: The Vault
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOzuch8oW61hVYffbQ-upWw # Lines That Connect
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCW_4e6sUTMWHxlF06aErH9w # Code With Antonio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXB8fM4VyQubRu3UVGhd3wA # European Central Bank
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-T8W79DN6PBnzomelvqJYw # James Q Quick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSbyncU597LMwb3HhnAI_4w # Epic Gardening
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr-9zHfv8a5xdv1_eV7n91Q # Sandip Guchait
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX2U8kCH2EzKSeaTIJBtkkQ # Code With Ryan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q # developedbyed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8dc7YWwGCUdokS8D4IbZ7g # Bangko Sentral
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAzhpt9DmG6PnHXjmJTvRGQ # Federal Reserve
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTCDjn7rnejAvhOrhlVgZrw # Elijah Manor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5--wS0Ljbin1TjWQX6eafA # bigboxSWE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzBjutX2PmitNF4avysL-vg # Aleph 0
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC13ko8bRnamU_e3rJ__kJww # Worst Practices
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHeMHIX3OPvC_HTA_Fi2v7w # Chapman Farms
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbhaVsMxGb1iStytgB0w9Wg # adamdotdev
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw # Web Dev Simplified
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrsLPlwxUInDoNubOP85EWQ # Coderized
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqNp-A1WqEbnqQ4b8_BYwSQ # Sobremesa Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWQaM7SpSECp9FELz-cHzuQ # Dreams of Code
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSp-OaMpsO8K0KkOqyBl7_w # Let's Get Rusty
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBsKiXTgZrg0tqz4yz_R5Tw # The Polyglot Programmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJUmE61LxhbhudzUugHL2wQ # codedamn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCciKHCG06rnq31toLTfAiyw # linux.conf.au
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo71RUe6DX4w-Vd47rFLXPg # typecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCePDFpCr78_qmVtpoB1Axaw # Great Art Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_ML5xP23TOWKUcc-oAE_Eg # Hussein Nasser
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGW5zIEencf7p6IncKLFtuA # Wunba
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQeWZ0ninG-2pzlaenh2ECw # The Rageaholic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsrVDPJBYeXItETFHG0qzyw # Web Dev Cody
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvGwM5woTl13I-qThI4YMCg # Josh tried coding
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBZA3z_u8LPiVuIo7YUdDcg # Takuya Matsuyama
https://www.semianalysis.com/feed # SemiAnalysis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBkqDNqao03ldC3u78-Pp8g # Linfamy
https://ciechanow.ski/atom.xml # Bartosz Ciechanowski
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7B3Y1yrg4S7mmgoR-NsfxA # Taiki Maeda
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT9Fyqn0izh-wX-wDzKBwAA # Mathematical Visual Proofs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9RM-iSvTu1uPJb8X5yp3EQ # Wendover Productions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuCkxoKLYO_EQ2GeFtbM_bw # Half as Interesting
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ5BnGcZx7XlkFKx8q3dsmw # Buon-A-Petitti
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFCDEaQC9NqzYDTxwTejlDg # Butcher Wizard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9_p50tH3WmMslWRWKnM7dQ # Adam Ragusea
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqqJQ_cXSat0KIAVfIfKkVA # J. Kenji López-Alt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz5ggy_5jlREmQRJnJ1dYNw # Chris Garin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSw5U1MuzDED2Nvlx9m65-Q # levelsio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs8Yxp46-MCOkebngxmZcrg # Testify Strength &amp; Conditioning
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRLOLGZl3-QTaJfLmAKgoAw # Alan Thrall
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY4oKJ57Dx3GITBbHkODlGw # Natty Life
https://counting.substack.com/feed/ # Counting Stuff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTZXht1RTL2Duc3eU8MYGzQ # Bruno Rodrigues
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC13e1OgG_dOE3BI481swWPg # Locally Optimistic
https://www.brodrigues.co/blog/index.xml # Blogs on Econometrics and Free Software
https://margint.blog/feed/ # Marginally Interesting by Mikio L. Braun
https://roundup.getdbt.com/feed/ # The Analytics Engineering Roundup
https://vickiboykis.com/index.xml # ★❤✰ Vicki Boykis ★❤✰
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOCLmqf7Jy3LcsO0SMBGP_Q # Baseten
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCkU652nT5GXmxz5Q4q0KrQ # MLOps Learners
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrY1Ro4UXwMib9Qug3eJNWA # Kahan Data Solutions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC21BwBKSKiPFbNvzl3-eh_A # MusicTechHelpGuy
https://eugeneyan.com/rss/ # Eugene Yan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIlB5HTIIdPnT66qvnlW-yg # aota.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtpIznO3RYk7fwa97PC1w2g # gunner
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCoAJ5JYKYTMubpTIsWi70w # David Hilowitz Music
https://www.mrmoneymustache.com/feed/ # Mr. Money Mustache
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUj-tp2hyRWp_MacdEXiZdw # Nicole Alba
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_nhE8RYGlOzdwckSY0pLjA # The Financial Controller
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLvnJL8htRR1T9cbSccaoVw # Aswath Damodaran
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgXmRIt_2Jwr0bwPTmocRsA # Big Z
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFCEuCsyWP0YkP3CZ3Mr01Q # The Plain Bagel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPR6qFG_Jf7z-oZ_mrqOHuA # NotNotBrock
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA # Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw # ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClEEzwG7Tl3-8eY11Qytsog # TomDoesTech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbRP3c757lWg9M-U7TyEkXA # Theo - t3․gg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w # LiveOverflow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUMwY9iS8oMyWDYIe6_RmoA # No Boilerplate
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLf_pHZV6W0k8pvrcC95Hlw # trash
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCQ6SXMc7MoJ88jjpn6j-8Q # Marko
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6vRUjYqDuoUsYsku86Lrsw # Jack Herrington
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL409jgB9Lt87x5BKxnDpsQ # Carl the Person
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaedmxqu7_1eYfCf2HdAv_g # Nathanial Lattimer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJjwbqI73KPVtOqctkblcng # mewtru
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA # TJ DeVries
https://koaning.io/feed.xml # koaning.io
https://blog.bytebytego.com/feed # ByteByteGo Newsletter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYeiozh-4QwuC1sjgCmB92w # DevOps Toolbox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1Zfv1Zrp1q5lKgBomzOyCA # Melkey
https://erikbern.com/atom.xml # Erik Bernhardsson
https://feeds.feedburner.com/HighScalability?format=xml # High Scalability
https://blog.jessfraz.com/index.xml # Ramblings from Jessie
https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans?format=RSS # Essays - Benedict Evans
https://rolisz.ro/rss/ # rolisz's blog
https://flaviocopes.com/rss.xml # flaviocopes.com
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_mYaQAE6-71rjSN6CeCA-g # NeetCode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs4fQRyl1TJvoeOdekW6lYA # fasterthanlime
https://sethmlarson.dev/feed # Seth Michael Larson
https://www.swyx.io/rss.xml # swyx's site RSS Feed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7yZ6keOGsvERMp2HaEbbXQ # devaslife
http://jvns.ca/atom.xml # Julia Evans
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7Q2UoheIhEh-KzYyHFZBCw # BiteSize Academy
https://pboyd.io/index.xml # pboyd.io
https://martinheinz.dev/rss/ # Martin Heinz's Blog
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ # Jon Gjengset
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw # Ben Awad
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2Xd-TjJByJyK2w1zNwY0zQ # Beyond Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLNgu_OupwoeESgtab33CCw # Coding Garden
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjX0FtIZBBVD3YoCcxnDC4g # dcode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPbwhExawYrn9xxI21TFfyw # Pragmatic Engineer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtuO2h6OwDueF7h3p8DYYjQ # Theo Rants
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCI3Py_t4ZCJKepQ_D1hWq5A # Tom Canuck
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgVWsL9Do0tKUPBD5GpIKZw # Eyecraftmc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJiFgnnYpwlnadzTzhMnX_Q # TheMisterEpic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYuVmT-9bId5cruXNkLNm1w # Green Light
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV0qA-eDDICsRR9rPcnG7tw # Joma Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChFur_NwVSbUozOcF_F2kMg # Mumbo Jumbo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGnwvgXyMSXEoKvpzQD8hkQ # Noteblock World
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEHFikgnRuLd1HYKTLrae9Q # A Life Engineered
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChfppWI3YugfWbWsyJApA4g # Digital Rian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ # Practical Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJpwHgi3Y6fK6APvoEWkHZQ # Chapman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCigEaEk-_gOrNlPdseG1pA # Alexa Real
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqwxJts-6yF33rupyF_DCsA # Life Where I'm From
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7SeFWZYFmsm1tqWxfuOTPQ # Count Dankula
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCude7kR_4Xy4v1dvWBbb7Cw # David Andrus
http://xkcd.com/rss.xml # xkcd.com
http://www.smbc-comics.com/rss.php # Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal
https://rianstone.substack.com/feed # Rian’s Substack
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4zt4qDcBH5OcSRth5PbZqw # Ben's Watch Club
https://delicioustacos.com/feed/ # delicioustacos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRPMAqdtSgd0Ipeef7iFsKw # Gaurav Sen
https://www.elian.codes/blog.xml # Elian Van Cutsem
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUyeluBRhGPCW4rPe_UvBZQ # ThePrimeTime
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw # ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVk4b-svNJoeytrrlOixebQ # TheVimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRTeNftWBh6ePpiqzyMNmFw # tonebase Piano
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT0tsC9JF5pLZX4dXqe1_ag # Josh Cortis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3dmPmL3G52CKUEv_sFEeBg # Wannabe Entrepreneur Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-zet8Eyyy-OUE_fmocp3Wg # James Perkins
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChg53qPBdY1FF8gjOlB9zkg # RoxCodes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgHJi_FdfoFGyRl_RYp361A # Teo Crawford
